
our paretn  react  app component.  imports other components. it looks like we want a search box component. 
now how can we make this interactive?   the searchboc xomponent needs to communicate with the card list.
Remember one-way data flow?   this is where the idea of  state comes in.  pure compoenents (functions) 
that receive something and return something (dumb functions )    props never change. they are jsut inputs
that we get and we never modify them.    STATE - means the desccription of your app. state can change. 
props are things that come out of state. its a synthax youll have to get used to.   lets do state. 
do use state  we do constructor() { }  and in our constructor we can declare state. 
remember advanced objects?  we need to call super( )  before we ddo this.state = { ... }  
this.state   is what describes our app.   things that can change.  this.state.robots
onSearchChange ( )  is a function that we are going to make up ..  remember onchange="" from html? 

event.target.value    - i know all this new stuff is tough - but you need to practice. 
one way data flow .  remember how we call the function?   ()
.toLowerCase()   is a method that comes with strings to make them lowercase, which is handy. 
.includes()   method to check if the value includes.... this.state.searchfield
console.log()  filtered Robots  variable and see what we get..... we get an error (this is tricky.) 
the value of input from our searchbox file does not have this has a value.... thisd is referring to 
event and since this has the value of inpur from the searchbox component we get an error.  
and input doesnt have state.robots.   everytime you make your own methods on a component use arrow functions
onSearchChange = (event) => {...}    --- youll have to get used tot this.  
this.setState()   is a method that comes with react we always use it wwhen we want to change state . 
now we need to communicte it to the filtered robots.   
put the const filteredRObots  in our render functio instead..  the app can past down things such as props. 
with an event we alwqays have event.target.value


in a while we will be using Redux. 29 07 2020 :  styling you react app ?  Use css. Index.css. 
app.css   and font face -- SEGA font family?   
